# Poker_Predictor

The goal of my project is to train a model that can predict the action that a poker player takes after all the cards have been shown based on their initial stack, position, pot sizes, and betting amounts. I am trying to predict the variable, action_river, with the predictors I mentioned in the question. The poker game is called Spin N Go Texas Hold'Em. Spin N Go is a style of tournament poker that is played with only three players. Every player gets dealt two cards. Then three "community" cards are flipped in the middle of the board (called the "flop"). Then another card is turned over in the middle (called the "turn"). And finally one more card is turned over in the middle of the board (called the "river"). All players can combine their hands with the middle board to try and make the best hand. I am trying to predict the action that a player takes once that last card has been flipped (the river card) using the information throughout the hand. This is incredibly important in poker because if you can predict the action of another player you have a significant advantage. 

There are multiple specific classes of the action_river variable, however I am only interested in cases where the player folds, checks, bets, or calls. These are the four classes I will be trying to predict. For the bets class, this is when the player makes a bet into the pot or re-raises the previous player's bet. I'm combining bets and raises into the same class because the only difference between them is the order of the players. For example, you can't re-raise if you start the betting. Combining these two also simplifies the model and will allow for easier analysis. The data set is very specific and includes whether the player shows their cards or not, however this is not useful for our goal. I will be using a classification approach to answer my question because I am trying to predict the action or class that a player takes at the end of a hand. I think the betting sizes will be the most useful for predicting my response. Larger bets usually means that players are playing aggressively. The goal of my model is inferential and predictive. I want to create a model that is good at predicting my response but I also want to figure out which predictors are most influential in that prediction.
